Add parameterless ctor and adjust README (#22500)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.Query/README.md

You can query metrics using the `MetricsQueryClient.QueryAsync` method. For every requested metric, a set of aggregated values is returned inside the `TimeSeries` collection.

> You can find the **Resource Id** required to query metric on the **Properties** blade of Azure Portal resource page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the **Resource Id** required to query metrics on the **Properties** blade of Azure portal resource page.
```

> You can find the **Resource Id** required to query metrics by clicking the `JSON View` button on you resource page in Azure Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A resource ID is required to query metrics. To find the resource ID:

1. Navigate to your resource's page in the Azure portal.
2. From the **Overview** blade, select the **JSON View** link.
3. In the resulting JSON, copy the value of the `id` property.
```
